q1. Creating and Using Structs in Go
        /*
        Todo:
         - Define a struct 'Book' with fields 'Title', 'Author', and 'Pages'.

         - Create a function 'Read' which takes a pointer to a Book, and a number of pages to read.
          After reading, the function should subtract the read pages from the total pages of the book.
           Account for the case where the number of pages to read is more than the pages in the book.
           In that case, just set the book's pages to 0.

         - In the main function, create a new book and initialize it with a title, author, and the number of pages.
         - Then, read some pages from the book and print the title, author, and remaining pages.

        Hint: Use a pointer receiver in the 'Read' method to reflect changes on the original struct.
        */

q2. Define an interface named Notifier with two methods:
    SendEmail(): A method that takes a string argument representing the email content and returns a string indicating the email has been sent.
    SendSMS(): A method that takes a string argument representing the SMS content and returns a string indicating the SMS has been sent.
    Implement this interface in a struct called NotificationService.

q3. Create the following directory structure
            app-/
                ├──stores/
                │  └── store.go
                │    ├── mysql/
                │    │   └── mysql.go
                │    ├── postgres/
                │       └── postgres.go
                └── main.go
                ├── go.mod

    In mysql.go create a Conn struct which stores db connection in string form
    Create three methods over Conn struct (Create(user) error, Update(name) error, Delete(id) error
    //Note:- return nil for the errors, assume no error would happen

    In postgres.go repeat the same steps like mysql.go

    In store.go
        Create an interface that postgres and mysql package can implement

    In main.go
        Call postgres and mysql package methods using interface variable